Look to this day!
For it is life, the very life of life.
In its brief course
Lie all the verities and realities of your existence:
    The bliss of growth
    The glory of action
    The splendor of beauty,
For yesterdays is but a dream
And tomorrow is only a vision,
But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness
    And every tomorrow a vision of hope.
Look well, therefore, to this day!
Such is the salutation to the dawn.

Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. 
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. 
It is our light, not our dark that most frightens us. 
Your playing small does not serve the world. 
There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people don't feel insecure around you.
We are all meant to shine as children do. 
Its not just in some of us; its in everyone. 
And as we let our own lights shine, we unconsiously give other people to do the same. 
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.

Smile!

Believe in yourself.

God loves you.

Be grateful for everything in your life: good and "bad".

Curiousity.

With imagination you can go anywhere, anytime.

Stop caring about how you look and what other people think of you.

Never complain.

Live in the next five seconds. Plan for the next five years. Dream for the next five decades.

Success without fulfillment is the ultimate failure.

Don't ever brag.
Being different is a gift.

True power comes in response to a need.

There is no threats, only gifts

Suffering is me obsessing about me.

Success: a few simple disciplines practiced every day.
Failure: a few errors in judgement repeated every day.

No apologies if you've done well and no complaints if you haven't.

Have a heart.

When I'm 85 percent sure - I am 100 percent sure.

Study success.

Study the people who are great influencers.

Think long term.

Focus
    Your brain can only do one or two things very, very well.

Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.

Your failures, your mistakes, your pain is what makes you.
Pain = Gain

You can learn everything.

If you fail a thousand times no one will remember it, if you succeed once it's yours forever.

Sometimes you have to look stupid in the name of progress.

Your values are what keeps you who you are, regardless of any high and low waves in life.

Evaluate work by impact, difficulty, initiative.

Adopt an ant's philosophy towards your purpose.

You have life changing ideas for a reason and it's NOT to torture yourself.

Look at the goal!

You must give it everything you've got.

Think long term, some things can't be mastered in a short period of time, though they can be mastered over time.

See the good in everything and in anyone.

Know the difference between YOUR mind and THE mind.

Our brain is not programmed to make us successful, it is programmed to make us survive.

Sometimes you're gonna have to play the person in front of you.

Make THEM wanna pay money to see YOU!

Celebrate.

Have fun.

If something is not doing well for you - challenge it or walk away from it.

Think probability.

Stop procrastinating, be effective rather than efficient

Take your time, be patient.

Don't wish it was easier, wish you were better.

If you will change, everything will change for you.

Vitality is a major part of success.

If you are good, why wouldn't you deserve good?

Learn how to let your mind slow down, unwind for a bit.

There's no rush, take care of yourself.

My happiness and my health come first.

Your body is a temple.

Be prepared to have people staring at you.

Which character is YOUR character?

Do it how you know it now, do it better when you know better tomorrow.

Being a "perfectionist", "politically correct" kind of person only slows you down and limits you.

Wishful thinking is hard to avoid but needs to be avoided.

Do the work and you will get there.

Head Up! Shoulders Up!

Get out of yourself.

Think about the idea, not where it came from.

Not one drop of my self worth depends on your acceptance of me.

Speak loud and clear.

The world is not running away.

Think how you can have the biggest impact.

You have a lot to talk about and a lot to share? great, it doesn't mean you HAVE TO go over ALL OF IT right now or else you're doomed, take it easy.

You are allowed to receive the beauty that life has to offer, allow yourself to receive it.

"Shut down the iron doors on the past and the future - live in day tight compartments."

"One grain of sand at the time."

What's true sometimes sounds controversial to others and they might strongly disagree with you, at most cases... it doesn't really matter, don't get into it.

Thrive on difficulty.

Work hardest when it's hard.

Plan your day in a way that maximizes your effectiveness in accomplishing the goals of the day. Quality is more important than quantity here.

Never underestimate others.

Rest.

Never put other people down.

If God put you in this spot right now, he's absolutely sure you have everything that it takes to handle it.

Think chess, not checkers.

Have a big head for things.

Question people's logic to understand the subject better and to correct them when they are wrong, you don't wanna compound on their mistakes.

Know who you are.

Try new things, experiment, be curious

Be careful of wishful thinking.

You better be dam sure that Or Shem Tov gets the job done right to the end mf.

It's not over until it's over.

Sarcasm is a pile of crap.

Be authentic. Be real.

Don't try to impress other people, just do your thing and be yourself.

Always do the right thing.

Let EXCELLENCE be YOUR brand.

The energy of your INTENTION is what determines your life.

The imagination is a view of whats to come.

Once you open your mouth, you tell the world who you are.

If you dont have a program for your mind, your mind is going to be programmed.

Never make a point without a story and never make a story without a point.

Don't chase the easy things, push yourself to do the difficult things first.

The mind is not designed to make you successful, it is designed to make you survive.

Learn about the mind.

You have life changing ideas for a reason and it's NOT to torture yourself

It's okay to fear.

You gotta learn how to outsmart your own mind.

I'm the only one who determines my image therefore no one else's actions or words or thoughts would affect my self esteem.

You have 5 seconds to go for it before your defense kicks in, push yourself to start, just for 5 minutes - and your subconscious will do the rest.

Become an expert in your field.

Learning does NOT equal memorizing.

Have the courage to tolerate happiness without self-sabotage.

Always remember where you came from.

Don't tell anybody to do something you wouldn't do yourself.

With great power comes great responsibility.

Don't ever brag.

Your psychology towards achieving things precedes strategy.

If you get lost in thoughts too much, get busier.

Define time for thinking and cleansing the mind and keep busy the rest of your time.

I-T-S O-K-A-Y T-O H-A-V-E F-E-E-L-I-N-G-S.

‘All failure is failure to adapt, all success is successful adaptation’

Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.

The only competition is with myself.

There is one you, there isn't a work you or personal you or any other you but you.

Be the last person to speak.

You can take all the credit in the world for things you do right as long as you also take responsibility for the things you do wrong

Whenever you feel like complaining about something, make a joke out of it.

Let your library show you're a serious student.

No matter how great the talent or efforts, some things just take time. You can't produce a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant.

There's nothing worth hurrying for.

The mood is dynamic and most of the time random, the actions are determined by decision.

Stay consistent.

Pay every debt as if God wrote the bill.

Stack the deck in your favor.

I'm gonna put in the work, and if i do - winning is inevitable.

If I do anything I can to prepare, I can live with the results, win or lose.

The preparation matters more than the competition.

A man who has no imagination has no wings.

The people who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do.

Other people's problems are their problem.

Your life is live, stop trying to edit it. Enjoy the real thing.

Laugh about everything, especially yourself.

Be proud of everything about you.

Get better every day.

Never sell yourself short.

Find your leadership style.

Use your instincts.

Nobody's making you.

Care less for what you wanna be and more about what you wanna do.

Mind your own business.

Be humble.

Drop the guard.

Trust yourself.

Since when is winning not enough?

Always do more.

Other people are responsible for themselves, it is not your role to correct the world.

You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.

No one owes me the fulfillment of my wishes.

We are so much more than our thoughts.

Accepting responsibility builds self esteem, evading responsibility wounds self esteem.

Everytime your mind wanders, non-judgementally bring it back to the present moment.

Embrace reality and deal with it.

Practice bringing more self consciousness and self responsibility to your daily life.

We must become what we wish to teach.

Belief becomes behavior.

Follow your curiousity.

I'm not others and others are not me and that's okay.

Miracles are real.

Focus is a weapon of mass production.

Always think about the positive side of things.

The story doesn't end until you win.

Sometimes the solution is to just be there for somebody.

You can never win an argument.

It only takes one person to end an argument.

Meet with other people only when you feel like seeing them.

Be active rather than passive.

Let the language that comes out of your mouth be beautiful, positive and blissful.

Do not put other things or other people down.

Take genuine interest in others.

Notice and note behaviors with compassion and move forward, you are not your behaviors.

Listen to your internal voice, don't neglect what it's trying to convey.

No matter if they agree with you or not - the truth will always be the same.

People are not as open minded as you assume they are.

If you know the truth, why is it so important to feel right? why you need validation?
