Trading principles:
    Many, many uncorrelated *strategies* that produce positive expected returns (satisfying positive EV).

    The market is made out of people, if you wanna understand trading and win at this game ...
    you need to understand who are the people trading, why, what tools they have and how exactly are they using them ...
    then you will be able to use this knowledge to build smart trading strategies that will give you the edge.

    <Risk <and> Reward> are two different sides of the same coin.

    Know the math behind your money management and stick with it.

    Trade small and trade many positions.

    Know why other people failed in the past and learn from their mistakes.

    Understand leverage.

    Stop saying: but, just, mmm, fine, should, ...

    Volatility is the most important thing to understand about trading.

    Trade liquid markets only, it's a losing battle in advance if you're unable to get a fair price.

    Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.

    If you're shopping for long term value - ask yourself:
        How does this business generate cash?
        Is the company performing well with the resources it has right now?
        How does the company plan to achieve more growth in the future?
        Does the company have a unique competitive advantage over its peers?
        Who's in the driver's seat? do I trust those people?
        If the company had more money, what would it do with it? how would it affect the business?
        Am I getting paid to hold shares? can I expect to get paid more for holding shares in the future?
        What are the company's assets?
        How much debt does the company have? who's the creditors? what's the structure of the debt? how and when is it paid?
        Can the company meet all its commitments?
        Am I paying a fair price for owning the perceived future value of this business?
        What is the best case scenario if I buy into this company? what is the worst case? what's the most likely?

    Don't twist the facts so that they look good. View the facts objectively.

    History doesn't repeat itself, but it rhyme.
